Quorum — the Nonprofit Board OS.
Welcome. This is Quorum — your board's private portal.
It's the one place where everything about launching your foundation lives.
Let's take a quick look around.
When you sign in, you land on your Dashboard. It greets you by name,
and shows, at a glance, how the launch is going.
Down the left side is your menu. Everything in the portal
lives here, in seven simple sections.
Documents holds your bylaws, minutes, and letters —
ready to sign online, no printer needed.
The Launch Checklist walks you step by step, from
"we have an idea" to "we're an official charity."
Board Votes is where the board makes decisions —
even between meetings.
The Calendar keeps every board date in one place,
with one-click video calls.
Notes is your own private notebook.
And Team & Access shows who's on the board, and who can sign.
Here's the good news: you don't need to learn it all today.
The portal always shows you the next step — and we'll walk through
each section together, one short video at a time.
Ready? Let's start with signing in.